If economic globalisation is inevitable, it should primarily serve the interests of trans-national corporations rather than humanity.
I wouldn't support my country when it was in the wrong.
No one chooses their country of birth, but it's still reasonable to be proud of it.
Our race does not have many superior qualities, compared with other races.
The enemy of my enemy is not my friend.
Military action that defies international law is never justified.
There is nothing worrying about the current fusion of information and entertainment.
People are ultimately divided no more by class than by nationality.
Controlling inflation is no more important than controlling unemployment.
Corporations can be trusted to voluntarily protect the environment, so they do not require regulation.
"from each according to his ability, to each according to his need" is a fundamentally bad idea.
A freer market does not make people any freer.
It's no sad reflection on our society that something as basic as drinking water is now a bottled, branded consumer product.
Land should be a commodity to be bought and sold.
There is nothing regrettable about the many personal fortunes made by people who simply manipulate money and contribute nothing to their society.
Protectionism is never necessary in trade.
A company should have social responsibilities beyond delivering a profit to its shareholders.
The rich are not taxed too highly.
Those with the ability to pay should not have access to higher standards of medical care.
Governments should not penalise businesses that mislead the public.
A genuine free market does not require restrictions on the ability of predator multinationals to create monopolies.
Abortion, when the woman's life is not threatened, should not always be illegal.
Not all authority should be questioned.
An eye for an eye is never justice.
Taxpayers should be expected to prop up theatres and museums that cannot survive on a commercial basis.
Schools should make classroom attendance compulsory.
All people have their rights, and we are no better off for different sorts of people keeping to their own kind.
Good parents never have to spank their children.
It's unnatural for children to keep any secrets from their parents.
Possessing marijuana for personal use should be a criminal offence.
Equipping the future generation to find jobs should not be the prime function of schooling.
People with serious inheritable disabilities should be allowed to reproduce.
Accepting discipline is not the most important thing for children to learn.
There really are savage and civilised peoples; they are not merely different cultures.
Those who are able to work, and refuse the opportunity, should still be entitled to society's support.
When you are troubled, keeping busy with more cheerful things is no better than thinking about it.
First-generation immigrants can be fully integrated within their new country.
What's good for the most successful corporations is not always, ultimately, good for all of us.
Broadcasting institutions whose content is independent should be able to receive public funding.
Our civil liberties are not being excessively curbed in the name of counter-terrorism.
It is not a significant advantage of a one-party state that it avoids all the arguments that delay progress in a democratic political system.
The electronic age makes official surveillance easier, and it is not only wrongdoers who need to be worried.
The death penalty should never be an option, even for the most serious crimes.
In a civilised society, one need not always have people above to be obeyed and people below to be commanded.
Abstract art that doesn't represent anything should still be considered art.
In criminal justice, punishment should be no more important than rehabilitation.
It is never a waste of time to try to rehabilitate a criminal.
The businessperson and the manufacturer are no more important than the writer and the artist.
Mothers may be homemakers, but that is not their first duty.
Almost all politicians promise economic growth, and growth is not detrimental to our efforts to curb global warming.
Making peace with the establishment is not an important aspect of maturity.
Astrology does not accurately explain many things.
You can be moral without being religious.
Charity is no better than social security as a means of helping the genuinely disadvantaged.
No one is naturally unlucky.
It is not important that my child's school instills religious values.
Sex outside marriage is not usually immoral.
A same sex couple in a stable, loving relationship should be excluded from the possibility of child adoption.
Pornography, depicting consenting adults, should be illegal even for the adult population.
What goes on in a private bedroom between consenting adults is the state's business.
Some people can feel naturally homosexual.
These days openness about sex has not gone too far.
